README.md, before:

# RCM Cooperative partnership with ADR UK
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-1-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->

## About this Repository

This repository is for the development and deployment of materials by the RCM Cooperative for and on behalf of [Administrative Data Research (ADR) UK](https://www.adruk.org)

Materials are being prepared on [ADR MS Suite tools](https://ukri.sharepoint.com/:f:/r/sites/ESRCADRUKCommunityBuilding/Shared%20Documents/General?csf=1&web=1&e=VJg9fq). 
Access can be provided to relevant parties by requested from Bogusia.Wojciechowska@esrc.ukri.org
Cass will be add materials to this repository as they are finalised with the parnter.

## Vision and Mission

- **Vision:** Users and contributors to ADR assets leading inclusive, professional and sustainable communities.
- **Mission:** Delivering focused training, facilitating collaboration, and fostering collaborative networks that enable administrative data researchers and ADR to excel in building and managing effective research communities.

## About

ADR England is beginning to see the establishment of research communities associated with data sets, problems and interest areas relevant to ADR UK data assets. 
The emergence of communities has been both organic and intentionally seeded by investments such as the [community catalyst funds](https://www.adruk.org/news-publications/news-blogs/funding-opportunity-adr-england-research-community-catalysts/).
Next, ADR want to explore the potential to support the sustainability of relevant communities as part of the support provided for the wider body of admin data users.  

One mechanism to support this is to engage with existing and aspiring community leaders utilising the expertise of RCM Cooperative.
 
## Roadmap & Milestones

- **Goals:** 
    - Understand the needs of administrative data communities
    - Provide training to community leaders

- **Outcomes:** 
    - Recommendations for ADR UK as to how we might support community leaders going forwards 
    - Increased capapcity for community leadership
    - Alignment of communities across the ADR network

## The Team

- Cassandra "Cass" Gould van Praag (RCM Cooperative) (cassandra.gouldvanpraag@rcmcooperative.com)
- Bogusia Wojciechowska (ADR England) (Bogusia.Wojciechowska@esrc.ukri.org)
  
### Roles and responsibilities
- Cass is the main delivery lead, developing materials and facilitating workshops.
- Bogusia is the main ADR liaison, enduring alignment with organisational practicies, manaing participant communications and arranging event logistics. 

## Contributing

- **Guidelines:** [Contribution Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) for contributors.
- **Code of Conduct:** [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) ensures a respectful project environment.

This parternship is initially focused on the delivery of 2 workshops. 
Materials are being stored on ADR MS Suite tools. 
You can follow progress towards the delivery of these workshops in [this issue](https://github.com/rcmcooperative/partner-ADR-UK/issues/1)


## Licensing

This project is licensed under the CC-BY-4.0 License for documentation and MIT License for code - see the LICENSE.md file for details.

## Citing & Acknowledgement

- **Citation Instructions:** ==How to cite the project.==
- **Acknowledgment:** ==Recognising contributions by different members.==

## Contact

- **Reach Out:** Contact details for questions, feedback, or ideas.
cassandra.gouldvanpraag@rcmcooperative.com



### Checklist for setting an online repository 

- [x] Add a README file
- [x] Add a [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) file
- [x] Add a [LICENSE](LICENSE.md)
- [x] Add a [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
- [ ] Install [all-contributors](https://allcontributors.org/) bot
- [x] .gitignore file (choose from a template)
- [x] Issue templates
- [ ] Create a directory with files for project management (meetings, reports, proposals)
  - [ ] Add links to meeting notes and sync hackmd
- [ ] Create a directory with files for communications
- [ ] Create a directory with files for stakeholders' info and the nature of engagement
- [ ] Connect repo with Zenodo
- [ ] Add cff file for citation
- [ ] Add badges


## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/cassgvp"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/43407869?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Cassandra Gould van Praag"/><br /><sub><b>Cassandra Gould van Praag</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/rcmcooperative/partner-ADR-UK/commits?author=cassgvp" title="Documentation">📖</a> <a href="#eventOrganizing-cassgvp" title="Event Organizing">📋</a> <a href="#ideas-cassgvp" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a> <a href="#projectManagement-cassgvp" title="Project Management">📆</a></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->



This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!

Commit message:

add non gh people to contibutors space

README.md, after:

# RCM Cooperative partnership with ADR UK
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-1-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->

## About this Repository

This repository is for the development and deployment of materials by the RCM Cooperative for and on behalf of [Administrative Data Research (ADR) UK](https://www.adruk.org)

Materials are being prepared on [ADR MS Suite tools](https://ukri.sharepoint.com/:f:/r/sites/ESRCADRUKCommunityBuilding/Shared%20Documents/General?csf=1&web=1&e=VJg9fq). 
Access can be provided to relevant parties by requested from Bogusia.Wojciechowska@esrc.ukri.org
Cass will be add materials to this repository as they are finalised with the parnter.

## Vision and Mission

- **Vision:** Users and contributors to ADR assets leading inclusive, professional and sustainable communities.
- **Mission:** Delivering focused training, facilitating collaboration, and fostering collaborative networks that enable administrative data researchers and ADR to excel in building and managing effective research communities.

## About

ADR England is beginning to see the establishment of research communities associated with data sets, problems and interest areas relevant to ADR UK data assets. 
The emergence of communities has been both organic and intentionally seeded by investments such as the [community catalyst funds](https://www.adruk.org/news-publications/news-blogs/funding-opportunity-adr-england-research-community-catalysts/).
Next, ADR want to explore the potential to support the sustainability of relevant communities as part of the support provided for the wider body of admin data users.  

One mechanism to support this is to engage with existing and aspiring community leaders utilising the expertise of RCM Cooperative.
 
## Roadmap & Milestones

- **Goals:** 
    - Understand the needs of administrative data communities
    - Provide training to community leaders

- **Outcomes:** 
    - Recommendations for ADR UK as to how we might support community leaders going forwards 
    - Increased capapcity for community leadership
    - Alignment of communities across the ADR network

## The Team

- Cassandra "Cass" Gould van Praag (RCM Cooperative) (cassandra.gouldvanpraag@rcmcooperative.com)
- Bogusia Wojciechowska (ADR England) (Bogusia.Wojciechowska@esrc.ukri.org)
  
### Roles and responsibilities
- Cass is the main delivery lead, developing materials and facilitating workshops.
- Bogusia is the main ADR liaison, enduring alignment with organisational practicies, manaing participant communications and arranging event logistics. 

## Contributing

- **Guidelines:** [Contribution Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) for contributors.
- **Code of Conduct:** [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) ensures a respectful project environment.

This parternship is initially focused on the delivery of 2 workshops. 
Materials are being stored on ADR MS Suite tools. 
You can follow progress towards the delivery of these workshops in [this issue](https://github.com/rcmcooperative/partner-ADR-UK/issues/1)


## Licensing

This project is licensed under the CC-BY-4.0 License for documentation and MIT License for code - see the LICENSE.md file for details.

## Citing & Acknowledgement

- **Citation Instructions:** ==How to cite the project.==
- **Acknowledgment:** ==Recognising contributions by different members.==

## Contact

- **Reach Out:** Contact details for questions, feedback, or ideas.
cassandra.gouldvanpraag@rcmcooperative.com



### Checklist for setting an online repository 

- [x] Add a README file
- [x] Add a [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) file
- [x] Add a [LICENSE](LICENSE.md)
- [x] Add a [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
- [ ] Install [all-contributors](https://allcontributors.org/) bot
- [x] .gitignore file (choose from a template)
- [x] Issue templates
- [ ] Create a directory with files for project management (meetings, reports, proposals)
  - [ ] Add links to meeting notes and sync hackmd
- [ ] Create a directory with files for communications
- [ ] Create a directory with files for stakeholders' info and the nature of engagement
- [ ] Connect repo with Zenodo
- [ ] Add cff file for citation
- [ ] Add badges


## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

The following people who do not (yet!) have github accounts also need to be added:
- [ ] Bogusia Wojciechowska (ADR) 
- [ ] Karen Powell (ADR)
- [ ] Emily Oliver (ADR)

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/cassgvp"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/43407869?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Cassandra Gould van Praag"/><br /><sub><b>Cassandra Gould van Praag</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/rcmcooperative/partner-ADR-UK/commits?author=cassgvp" title="Documentation">📖</a> <a href="#eventOrganizing-cassgvp" title="Event Organizing">📋</a> <a href="#ideas-cassgvp" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a> <a href="#projectManagement-cassgvp" title="Project Management">📆</a></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->



This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!
